EZP-31007: ezplatform-kernel instead of ezpublish-kernel (#977)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/general_rest_usage.md

###### HTTP code

The API responded here with a standard `200 OK` HTTP response code, which is the expected response code for a typical GET request.
Some GET requests, like [getting a Content item's current version,](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/doc/specifications/rest/REST-API-V2.rst#get-current-version) may return a `301 Moved permanently` or `307 Temporary redirect` code.

Errors are indicated with HTTP error codes, e.g. `404 Not Found` or `500 Internal Server Error`.

> The [REST specifications](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/doc/specifications/rest/REST-API-V2.rst) provide the list of every HTTP response code you can expect from implemented resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [REST specifications](https://doc.ezplatform.com/rest-api-reference) provide the list of every HTTP response code you can expect from implemented resources.
```

###### Accept-Patch header

It tells you that the received content can be modified by patching it with a [ContentUpdateStruct](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/eZ/Publish/API/Repository/Values/Content/ContentUpdateStruct.php) in XML format:

 `Accept-Patch: application/vnd.ez.api.ContentUpdate+xml;charset=utf8`

JSON would also work, with the proper format.

As the example above shows, sending a PATCH `/content/objects/23` request with a [ContentUpdateStruct](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/eZ/Publish/API/Repository/Values/Content/ContentUpdateStruct.php) XML payload will update this content.

REST will use the `Accept-Patch` header to indicate how to **modify** the returned **data**.

###### Location header

Depending on the resource, request and response headers will vary.

> For instance [creating Content](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/doc/specifications/rest/REST-API-V2.rst#creating-content) and [getting a Content item's current version](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/doc/specifications/rest/REST-API-V2.rst#get-current-version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance [creating Content](https://ezsystems.github.io/ezplatform-rest-reference/#managing-content-create-content-type) and [getting a Content item's current version](https://ezsystems.github.io/ezplatform-rest-reference/#managing-content-get-current-version)
```

This request header is the request counterpart of the Location response header.
It is used for a COPY or MOVE operation on a resource to indicate where the resource should be moved to by using the ID of the destination.

> An example of such a request is [copying a Content item](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/doc/specifications/rest/REST-API-V2.rst#copy-content).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of such a request is [copying a Content item](https://ezsystems.github.io/ezplatform-rest-reference/#managing-content-copy-content).
```

##### XSD files

> For each XML structure known to the REST API, you can find [XSD files](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/tree/master/doc/specifications/rest/xsd) in the XSD folder of the specifications.

Reviewer 2: dropped

The `csrfToken` is returned in the login response.
It is important to keep the CSRF Token for the duration of the session as it needs to be sent with requests other than GET/HEAD when auth is set to session (in most cases it is).

> For details, see [Session-based authentication](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-kernel/blob/v1.0.0/doc/specifications/rest/REST-API-V2.rst#session-based-authentication) in the REST specifications.

Reviewer: This part is not covered in new REST Reference

Reviewer 2: dropped
